Which two tools are available to transfer user data and settings from an old Windows computer to a Windows operating system on a new computer?,Windows Easy Transfer-User State Migration tool
A user wants to extend a primary partition formatted with the NTFS file system with the unallocated space on the hard disk. What must the user do after the primary partition is extended to make it usable?,Convert the disk type to dynamic.
Why is a full format more beneficial than a quick format when preparing for a clean OS installation?,A full format will delete files from the disk while analyzing the disk drive for errors.
Match the Windows 10 boot sequence after the boot manager (bootmgr.exe) loads., Search:StepOne-StepTwo-StepThree-StepFour-StepFive
Match the correct API with its function within the Windows 10 environment.,Search:MTC This
A technician wishes to prepare the computers in the network for disaster recovery. The network consists of a variety of desktops and laptops from different vendors. All the computers are running either a 32-bit version of Windows 10 Pro or a 64-bit version of Windows 10 Pro. How would the technician prepare the recovery media?,Prepare individual recovery discs for all the computers.
A technician wishes to deploy Windows 10 Pro to multiple PCs through the remote network installation process. The technician begins by connecting the new PCs to the network and booting them up. However the deployment fails because the target PCs are unable to communicate with the deployment server. What is the possible cause?,The NIC cards on the new PCs are not PXE-enabled.
Which condition is required when planning to install Windows on a GPT disk?,The computer must be UEFI-based.
A technician wishes to perform a customized unattended network installation of Windows 10 on a PC. The requirements include the installation of specific applications and device drivers through the use of an answer file. What would the technician use to create the answer file?,Windows SIM
An organization has purchased a custom application for the sales staff that can only be installed on a 64-bit Windows operating system. Each member of the sales staff has a Windows 8.1 32-bit PC. What must the IT department do in order to install and run the application on the sales staff computers?,Perform a clean installation of 64-bit Windows 10.
Match the tabs of the Windows 10 Task Manager to their functions. (Not all options are used.), Search:MTT
Match the drive status indicators in the Disk Management utility with their description. (Not all options are used.),Search:MTD
Match the wireless security settings to the description. (Not all options are used.),Search:MTW
What are two possible solutions to any Windows computer restarting continuously and never displaying the desktop? (Choose two.),Press F8 to open the Advanced Options menu and choose Disable Automatic Restart on System Failure.-Run chkdsk /F /R from the recovery console.
A technician uses Microsoft Deployment Image Servicing and Management (DISM) tool to create a Windows image file on one of the workstations running Windows 10. When the technician tries to clone another workstation with the image file the workstation exhibits network connectivity issues on completion. What could cause this?,The SID of the original PC is not cleared when creating the image with DISM.
A user complains that user files cannot be synced with the network file server while the user is traveling out of the office. The user had access to the internet but no access to the company network server. How can this be addressed?,Setup a Sync partnership between the network server Microsoft OneDrive and the user.
A technician has connected a new internal hard drive to a Windows 10 PC. What must be done in order for Windows 10 to use the new hard drive?,Initialize the new hard drive.
What service does PRINT$ provide?,It provides printer drivers for printer administrators.
A technician is troubleshooting a Windows 10 laptop infected with a virus that has damaged the master boot record. The technician has booted the laptop using the installation media and is attempting to repair the laptop from the command line interface. Which command can the technician use to repair the corrupt master boot record?,bootrec /fixmbr
A user reports that a Windows 10 PC displays the error message “Invalid Boot Disk” during the boot process. The IT technician attempts to boot the computer and finds that the error message occurs immediately after the POST. What could be the possible cause?,The MBR/GPT is corrupted.
Which port number is used by Virtual Network Computing (VNC) to provide remote screen sharing between devices?,5900
Which feature is included with macOS and provides the ability for a remote user to view and change files folders and applications on the local computer?,Screen Sharing
Which area of concern falls under the operations and planning category in IT documentation?,inventory management
Match the individual languages with their corresponding classification., Search:MTI
Which two actions should a technician take if illegal content such as child pornography is discovered on the hard drive of a customer computer? (Choose two.),Contact a first responder.-Document as much information as possible.
What are three pieces of information a level one technician should gather from a customer? (Choose three.),contact information-description of the problem-details of any recent changes to the computer
details of any recent changes to the computer,Let a customer finish talking before asking additional questions.-If you have to put the customer on hold ask the customer for permission.
A support desk technician is dealing with an angry customer. Which two approaches should the technician take in dealing with the customer? (Choose two.),Work to redirect the conversation to solving the problem.-Let the customer explain the problem without interrupting.
What two kinds of problems should be escalated from a level one technician to a level two technician? (Choose two.),problems that are complicated and will take a long time to resolve-problems that are beyond the scope of the knowledge of the level one technician
An IT technician in a service company has provided extensive remote IT support with product deployment for a customer. After the completion of the contract a complaint is filed against the IT technician for not following company policy by sending unsolicited emails about services and products that are not related to the contract. What two things should the IT support technician have done differently? (Choose two.),The IT technician should have researched the company policy about personal communication with customers on company time.-The IT technician should have asked the customer if the customer was interested in receiving information regarding other new services and products.
A third-party security firm is performing a security audit of a company and recommends the company utilize the Remote Desktop Protocol. What are two characteristics of the Microsoft Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP)? (Choose two.),RDP uses an encrypted session.-RDP connects on TCP port 3389.
Which subject area describes collecting and analyzing data from computer systems networks and storage devices as part of an investigation of alleged illegal activity?,computer forensics
In a computer forensics investigation which type of data is considered volatile data and can be lost if power is removed from the computer?,data in transit between RAM and the CPU
Refer to the exhibit. During the troubleshooting of software that is installed on a computer system a level one technician requires help from a level two technician. The file shown in the exhibit must be sent to the level two technician. How should the level one technician deliver this file?,Replace all passwords in the file with <password omitted> before emailing the file and then supply the passwords by secure means if required.
What skill is essential for a level one technician to have?,the ability to translate a description of a customer problem into a few succinct sentences and enter it into the work order
What is used to control illegal use of software and content?,digital rights management
What determines the level of support that a call center technician will provide to an individual customer?,Support is based on the SLA for that customer.
A bench technician enters the server room and finds the backup server computer case open. The hard drives containing patient medical data are all physically disconnected from the motherboard and the SATA data cables are hanging outside the case. Which step should the technician immediately take?,Locate an employee qualified to collect evidence.
What is the difference between a scripting language and a compiled language?,Scripting languages are interpreted and executed line by line when a script is run while compiled languages need to be converted into executable code.
Which methods can be used to implement multifactor authentication?,passwords and fingerprints
When responding to a call from a customer who is experiencing problems with a computer the technician notices that a number of system files on the computer have been renamed. Which two possible solutions could the technician implement to resolve the problem? (Choose two.),Use antivirus software to remove a virus.-Restore the computer from a backup.
A technician suspects that a security issue is causing problems with a computer. What two actions could be performed to test theories of probable cause when troubleshooting the PC? (Choose two.),Log in as a different user.-Disconnect the computer from the network.
The CIO wants to secure data on company laptops by implementing file encryption. The technician determines the best method is to encrypt each hard drive using Windows BitLocker. Which two things are needed to implement this solution? (Choose two.),at least two volumes-TPM
What is an accurate description of asymmetric encryption technology?,It is an encryption process that uses a public and private key pair to encrypt/decrypt data.
Which type of security threat can be transferred through email and is used to gain sensitive information by recording the keystrokes of the email recipient?,virus
A manager reports that unusual things are happening on a Windows computer. The technician determines that malware is the culprit. What can the technician do to remove stubborn malware?,Enter Safe Mode and do a system restore.
An employee that has worked at the company for many years has started a home-based business selling crafts. While leaving an office meeting a company supervisor notices the employee buying supplies for the personal crafting business of the employee. What section of the security policy should the supervisor review when determining how to handle this situation?,acceptable use policies
What Windows utility should be used to configure password rules and account lockout policies on a system that is not part of a domain?,Local Security Policy tool
A customer brings in a computer that is asking for a password as soon as it powers on even before the operating system boots. Which type of password is enabled?,BIOS
When attempting to improve system performance for Linux computers with a limited amount of memory why is increasing the size of the swap file system not considered the best solution?,A swap file system uses hard disk space to store inactive RAM content
What are three features of GPS on mobile devices? (Choose three.),navigation-specialized search results-device tracking
Which three components are used to assign file and directory permissions in Linux systems? (Choose three.),group-owner-all users
A user downloads a widget onto his Android phone but is puzzled to see that when the widget is touched an app is launched. What is a possible cause?,The widget is associated with the app and this is the normal behavior.
What is the purpose of running mobile device apps in a sandbox?,to prevent malicious programs from infecting the device
Refer to the exhibit. What is true of this mobile device screen?,Text messages news photos and other content can be displayed in the different tiles.
Which built-in tool is available on a Mac OS X machine to perform disk backups?,Time Machine
A user calls the help desk reporting that a laptop with Linux freezes on startup and displays kernel panic. What could cause this problem?,A driver has become corrupted.
A user calls the help desk to report that a mobile device exhibits very slow performance. What could cause this problem?,A power-intensive app is running in the background.
Which term describes a partition that is used to store and boot an operating system by default?,active partition
Which term describes a file system that supports a partition size up to 16 exabytes?,NTFS
Which term describes a file system for USB flash drives that supports files larger than 4 GB?,exFAT
Which term describes a partition that supports up to 23 logical drives?,extended partition
Which term describes a file system for optical disk media?,CDFS
Which term describes a type of partition that would only exist on a hard disk that has an MBR?,logical drive
Which term describes a type of storage device that supports a partition to be extended into adjacent unallocated space as long as it is contiguous?,basic disk
Which term describes a general name for physical areas on a hard drive?,partition
Which term describes a partition scheme that takes a portion of disk space of 512 bytes long and that contains the boot loader?,MBR
Which term describes a type of storage device that supports a volume that can span across more than one disk?,dynamic disk
A technician is booting a laptop that has Windows 10 installed with 2 GB RAM. The boot process is currently working on the following step: NTOSKRNL.EXE starts the login file called WINLOGON.EXE. What is the next step that will happen in the boot process?,WINLOGON.EXE displays the Windows Welcome screen.
A user is booting a tablet that has Windows 10 installed. The boot process is currently working on the following step: WINLOGON.EXE displays the Windows Welcome screen What is the next step that will happen in the boot process?,There are no more steps the boot process is complete.
A manager is booting a tablet that has Windows 8 installed. The boot process is currently working on the following step: POST. What is the next step that will happen in the boot process?,BIOS locates and reads the configuration settings that are stored in the CMOS memory.
An accountant is booting a PC that has Windows 8 installed. The boot process is currently working on the following step: BIOS locates and reads the configuration settings that are stored in the CMOS memory. What is the next step that will happen in the boot process?,The BIOS boots the computer using the first drive that contains a valid boot sector.
A network analyst is booting a PC that has Windows 7 installed with 2 GB RAM. The boot process is currently working on the following step: The code in the boot sector is executed and the control of the boot process is given to Windows Boot Manager. What is the next step that will happen in the boot process?,Winload uses the path specified in BOOTMGR to find the boot partition.
An analyst is booting a desktop that has Windows 7 installed with 4 GB RAM. The boot process is currently working on the following step: Winload uses the path specified in BOOTMGR to find the boot partition. What is the next step that will happen in the boot process?,WinLoad loads two files that make up the core of Windows: NTOSKRNL.EXE and HAL.DLL.
A gamer is booting a desktop that has Windows 7 installed on dynamic drives. The boot process is currently working on the following step: WinLoad reads the registry files chooses a hardware profile and loads the device drivers. What is the next step that will happen in the boot process?,The Windows kernel takes over the boot process.
A technician is booting a laptop that has Windows 10 installed with 2 GB RAM. The boot process is currently working on the following step: The Windows kernel takes over the boot process. What is the next step that will happen in the boot process?,NTOSKRNL.EXE starts the login file called WINLOGON.EXE.
A user is booting a laptop that has Windows 10 installed. The boot process is currently working on the following step: WINLOGON.EXE displays the Windows Welcome screen What is the next step that will happen in the boot process?,There are no more steps the boot process is complete.
A manager is booting a tablet that has Windows 8 installed. The boot process is currently working on the following step: The Windows kernel takes over the boot process. What is the next step that will happen in the boot process?,NTOSKRNL.EXE starts the login file called WINLOGON.EXE.
Users in a company have complained about network performance. After investigation the IT staff has determined that the attacker was using a specific technique that affected the TCP three-way handshake. What is the type of network attack?,SYN flood
Users in a company have complained about network performance. After investigation the IT staff has determined that the attacker is using a technique that compares hashed passwords to potential hashes the hacker has. What is the type of network attack?,rainbow table
Users in a company have complained about network performance. After investigation the IT staff has determined that the DNS server was sent with an enormous amount of false requests thus overwhelming the server. What is the type of network attack?,DoS
Users in a company have complained about network performance. After investigation the IT staff has determined that the attacker is using a vulnerability that is known to the software vendor but not patched yet. What is the type of network attack?,zero-day
Users in a company have complained about network performance. After investigation the IT staff has determined that zombies were used to attack the firewall. What is the type of network attack?,DDoS
Users in a company have complained about network performance. After investigation the IT staff has determined that zombies were used to attack the firewall. What is the type of network attack?,DDoS
Users in a company have complained about network performance. After investigation the IT staff has determined that the attacker is using a table of words that potentially could be used as passwords. What is the type of network attack?,dictionary
Users in a company have complained about network performance. After investigation the IT staff has determined that the attacker injected false records on the server that translates IP addresses to domain names. What is the type of network attack?,DNS poisoning
Users in a company have complained about network performance. After investigation the IT staff has determined that the attacker is using a technique that compares hashed passwords to potential hashes the hacker has. What is the type of network attack?,rainbow table
Users in a company have complained about network performance. After investigation the IT staff has determined that the attacker was using a specific technique that affected the TCP three-way handshake. What is the type of network attack?,SYN flood
A PC technician has been asked by a supervisor to recommend a security solution for a company that wants a device to monitor incoming and outgoing traffic and stop any malicious activity. Which security technique should the technician recommend?,Buy an IPS.
A PC technician has been asked by a supervisor to recommend a security solution for a machine where the antimalware software cannot remove all of the malware. Which security technique should the technician recommend?,Use Windows Safe Mode.
A PC technician has been asked by a supervisor to recommend a security solution for a machine where the antimalware software cannot remove all of the malware. Which security technique should the technician recommend?,Use Windows Safe Mode.
A PC technician has been asked by a supervisor to recommend a security solution for preventing tailgating. Which security technique should the technician recommend?,Use a mantrap.
A PC technician has been asked by a supervisor to recommend a security solution for drive redundancy. Which security technique should the technician recommend?,Implement a RAID.
A PC technician has been asked by a supervisor to recommend a security solution for drive redundancy. Which security technique should the technician recommend?,Implement a RAID.
A PC technician has been asked by a supervisor to recommend a security solution for phishing. Which security technique should the technician recommend?,Provide security awareness training.
A PC technician has been asked by a supervisor to recommend a security solution for protecting a computer used to log in at a dental clinic from someone using a bootable disk containing hacking tools. Which security technique should the technician recommend?,Disable ports.
A PC technician has been asked by a supervisor to recommend a security solution for protecting a computer used to log in at a dental clinic from someone using a bootable disk containing hacking tools. Which security technique should the technician recommend?,Disable ports.
A PC technician has been asked by a supervisor to recommend a security solution for a manager traveling who needs access to internal corporate resources. Which security technique should the technician recommend?,Use a VPN.
Why would a gamer need to use the move command?,to relocate a file from one Windows directory to another one
Why would a gamer need to use the copy command?,to move that file to a different Windows directory while also leaving the file in the current location
Why would a university student need to use the robocopy command?,to copy a group of files from one Windows directory to another
Why would a university student need to use the xcopy command?,to copy files directories and subdirectories from one location to another
Why would a technical support representative need to use the format command?,to prepare a hard drive to accept Windows files
Why would a technical support representative need to use the bootrec command?,to help to repair the MBR that is suspected of having issues
Why would a technical support representative need to use the ipconfig command?,to display the IPv6 address of the PC
Why would a user need to use the netstat command?,to verify activity on the PC by displaying all active TCP connections on the device
Why would a user need to use the nslookup command?,to query the Domain Name Sysytem (DNS) to get domain names and mapping information
Why would a manager need to use the ping command?,to quickly verify connectivity by sending echo-request messages to the destination and receiving a series of echo-reply messages from that destination
Step One:,The Windows boot loader Winload.exe loads.
Step Two:,Ntoskrnl.exe and hal.dll are loaded.
Step Three:,Winload.exe reads the Registry chooses a hardware profile and loads the device drivers.
Step Four:,Ntoskrnl.exe takes over the process.
Step Five:,Winlogon.exe is loaded and executes the logon process.
MTC This is a cross-platform standard specification for multimedia graphics.,Open Graphics Library (OpenGL)
MTC This is a collection of APIs related to multimedia tasks for Microsoft Windows.,DirectX
MTC This allows applications from older versions of Windows to operate on newer versions.,Windows APIs
MTC This is a collection of APIs related to the development of Java programming, Java APIs
MTT Allows for a process to have its affinity set.,Details
MTT Displays resource utilization information for CPU memory network disk and others,Performance
MTT Allows programs that are running on system startup to be disabled.,Startup
MTT Allows for a start stop or restart of a particular service.,Services
MTD a volume that is functioning properly, Healthy
MTD a basic disk that is being converted into a dynamic disk,Initializing
MTD a disk that does not contain a valid signature,Not Initialized
MTD a basic dynamic disk that is accessible and shows no problems,Online
MTD a dynamic disk that is corrupted or unavailable,Offline
MTW The Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) cipher and preshared keys (PSKS) are used to encrypt communications.,WPA2-Personal
MTW Authentication is passed from the access point to a centralized authentication RADIUS server.,WPA2-Enterprise
MTW Data is sent unencrypted with no authentication., Open
MTI Scripting languages, VBScript-Python-JavaScript
MTI Compiled languages, C++-C#-Java